"Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration." -Thomas Edison
"You can observe a lot just by watching." -Yogi Berra
"A house divided against itself cannot stand." -Abraham Lincoln
"Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Fate is in your hands and no one elses" -Byron Pulsifer
"Be the chief but never the lord." -Lao Tzu
"Nothing happens unless first we dream." -Carl Sandburg
"Well begun is half done." -Aristotle
"Life is a learning experience, only if you learn." -Yogi Berra
"Self-complacency is fatal to progress." -Margaret Sangster
"Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without." -Buddha
"What you give is what you get." -Byron Pulsifer
"We can only learn to love by loving." -Iris Murdoch
"Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely." -Karen Clark
"You'll see it when you believe it." -Wayne Dyer
"Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday." -
"It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper." -
"Every man dies. Not every man really lives." -
"To lead people walk behind them." -Lao Tzu
"Having nothing, nothing can he lose." -William Shakespeare
"Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes." -Henry J. Kaiser
"A rolling stone gathers no moss." -Publilius Syrus
"Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes." -Napoleon Hill
"Everything in life is luck." -Donald Trump
"Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing." -Lao Tzu
"Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do." -Benjamin Spock
"Study the past, if you would divine the future." -Confucius
"The day is already blessed, find peace within it." -
"From error to error one discovers the entire truth." -Sigmund Freud
"Well done is better than well said." -Benjamin Franklin
"Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it." -Ella Williams
"Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others." -Buddha
"One today is worth two tomorrows." -Benjamin Franklin
"Once you choose hope, anythings possible." -Christopher Reeve
"God always takes the simplest way." -Albert Einstein
"One fails forward toward success." -Charles Kettering
"From small beginnings come great things." -
"Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere" -Chinese proverb
"Be as you wish to seem." -Socrates
"The world is always in movement." -V. Naipaul
"Never mistake activity for achievement." -John Wooden
"What worries you masters you." -Haddon Robinson
"One faces the future with ones past." -Pearl Buck
"Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement." -Brian Tracy
"Who sows virtue reaps honour." -Leonardo da Vinci
"Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible." -Dalai Lama
"Talk doesn't cook rice." -Chinese proverb
"He is able who thinks he is able." -Buddha
"A goal without a plan is just a wish." -Larry Elder
"To succeed, we must first believe that we can." -Michael Korda
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow." -Albert Einstein
"A weed is no more than a flower in disguise." -James Lowell
"Do, or do not. There is no try." -Yoda
"All serious daring starts from within." -Harriet Beecher Stowe
"The best teacher is experience learned from failures." -Byron Pulsifer
"Think how hard physics would be if particles could think." -Murray Gell-Mann
"Love is the flower you've got to let grow." -John Lennon
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right." -Napoleon Hill
"Time is the wisest counsellor of all." -Pericles
